
 Manoj:  kumar
 Sent at 4:26 PM on Monday
 me:  hey manojh
are you there?
 Manoj:  yep
 me:  I just saw your email
thanks for sending the information
 Manoj:  no problem
as you could have realized, we have reduced a lot
 me:  yes
you ahve
I have a couple of questions
 Manoj:  i will give my left hand if someone offers me what I am offering you 
 me:  I don't want your left hand  I need you all to be healthy
I have a couple of questions
 Manoj:  shoot please
 me:  1) about branding the content. I don't mind telling our customers that the content is powered by bw.com but I want to put my branding on top of it and be able to distribute/re-sell the content.
because that's how we will make money
for example, the images you give, we will have to package with our data and sell it
Customers who are buying the content may express concerns about putting your branding in there. You know what I mean?
 Manoj:  there will be no logo on the images
if that is ur question
we will not have our logos on the images and trailers
 me:  okay
 Manoj:  but in your website, you will have to mention it
 me:  I don't mind mentioning it.
 Manoj:  Powered by Behindwoods.com
 me:  But I want to be able to re-sell the content.
 Manoj:  will a small logo gif
 me:  Not a problem.
 Manoj:  there is a catch there -
if someone from Industry comes and asks u - its ur problem then.
we might not be able to help
 me:  for me to mention in my website that "We are collaborating with bw.com and part of my content is powered by be.com"
is not a problem.
i will do that
 Manoj:  ok
we will talk about those things again
 me:  right
I want you to know, I don't have a problem letting my customers know that some of our content is powered by bw.com.
I want to be able to package and re-sell content. that's all.
I don't want you to block me.
 Manoj:  that we will not - its how ur are going to make money
 me:  yes
 Manoj:  ok
 me:  I want to have a long term relationship with you guys! so I want you to be happy with what we do.
 Manoj:  thats true
from our side we are happy
 me:  good
 Manoj:  the only concern we have is about the one year contract, because we have a small concern that we are selling ourselves short here. i am being frank here.
i dont have to even tell this here
 me:  you are not underselling yourself.
I am happy to have a contract with you saying that if we are successful, we will have exclusive relationship with your company for Hindi and Telugu as well.
I want you to look at the long-term, not the short-term
 Manoj:  ok we wil talk about it
 me:  okay. My second point.
News and movies upper limit.
 Manoj:  news - 20 * 5
20 days
 me:  I am fine with the 20 days
give me a little detail on what you mean by news.
 Manoj:  News links that you see on the website
No exclusive articles and slideshows
 me:  how detailed the news are?
 Manoj:  this is a good example
this is about an upcoming movie - sathyam
http://www.behindwoods.com/tamil-movie-news-1/july-08-02/vishal-12-07-08.html
http://www.behindwoods.com/tamil-movie-news-1/july-08-02/lekha-12-07-08.html
one more on another upcoming movie
and so on
 Sent at 4:43 PM on Monday
 me:  that looks good
 Sent at 4:44 PM on Monday
 me:  can we increase the movie images limite to 15 movies a month?
because during heavy season, Tamil releases about 12 movies a month.
 Manoj:  Nope - sorry
 me:  ugh!
you killing me!
 Manoj:  thats too much
no not images kumar
we work a lot for those
 me:  then can I choose the movies in case there are more than 10 movies in a month?
because I don't wnat to lose out a big banner?
 Manoj:  we will give u big banners
 me:  are you there?
 
